	"Hi.  Do you come here often?"
	He looked up from his terminal screen, prepared to be annoyed at the disturbance.
	Laura flashed him a quick smile, pleased with herself for catching him off guard.  She plunked down a hot cup of coffee beside him and wrapped her oversized cardigan more tightly around her waist.
	"I wasn't expecting you for another hour," he said, a little more cheerfully than he intended.
	Her smile faded, noticing his disheveled appearance.  "How long have you been here?  You can take breaks, you know."  The creases under his eyes were as deep as the 
wrinkles in his button-down shirt, which he had worn for the last three days.
	"You know how it is," he said, "when you're close to your big break.  I know you know, because you didn't shower for a week when you discovered that defunct underground intranet in Shanghai."
	“How kind of you to bring that up.”
	He straightened out as she sat down across from him. She delicately pried open her coffee, a faint click as the white plastic detached from the paper cup. He watched her pour two creams through the steam.
	She looked up, “Oh, sorry.” She pushed some creamers over to him.
	“No thanks.”
	“Drink it black, huh?”
	“No calories that way.”
	“You don’t look like you have to worry about that.”
	“I look that way because I do.”
	Laura let out a laugh, crinkling the corners of her eyes.  By now, those crinkles were familiar, homey, even in this metropolitan cafe. The sleep deprivation was starting to unnerve him, and the the whirring grind of espresso machines as patrons cranked on incessantly, but Laura smile brought him back.  Back to feeling human, for the moment.
	“When I think back to those days, all I remember is that spiced orange tea I was drinking constantly.  Oranges, tea leaves, cinnamon… none of it indigenous to Boston, yet so close.  That is how the project felt too.  Like I was importing something from afar, clutching on to something before it slipped out from my fingertips or claimed as someone else’s discovery.”
	“Maybe we are the imperialists of our time,” he mused.  He envied Laura’s ability to get by on tea, adrenaline, her own vision, and allegedly “breaks.”  He glanced down at his coffee, half gone and half cold, as Laura kept on talking.  What was coffee to him?
	She smiled. He looked down at his computer.

ssh_exchange_identification: Connection closed by remote host

	He sighed.
	She leaned over the table to peek at his computer.
